
1. If Docker containers are like shipping containers, what would the Docker image be?
        Answer: blueprint

2. You want to ensure your container is running fine and healthy. Which Docker feature will you use to monitor its health?
        Answer: Docker health check

3. If a Docker network is like a company's internal LAN, what would docker-compose.yml be?
        Answer: IT Department's Network Configuration Document.

4. You have two services, frontend and backend, and you want to ensure that backend starts before frontend. Which Docker Compose key value will you use?
        Answer: depends_on

5. If Docker volumes are like USB drives, what does the volumes key in Docker Compose do?
        Answer: plugging in the USB drive to a specific computer.

6. You need to create multiple instances of the same service. What feature of Docker Compose will you use?
        Answer: scale

7. If Docker networks are like chat rooms, what would the bridge network mode be?
        Answer: private or semi-private chat room where participants (containers) can communicate with each other

8. You want to limit the CPU usage of a specific container. Which Docker Compose key value will you use?
        Answer: cpus key 

9. If the Docker Hub is like a public library, what would docker pull be?
        Answer: borrowing or checking out a book from that library.

10. You need to pass environment variables to a container to configure its settings. Which Docker Compose key value will you use?
        Answer: environment key

11. If a Docker container is like a running application on your computer, what would the Dockerfile be?
        Answer: Dockerfile can be considered as the set of installation instructions

12. You want to make sure a container only starts if another service is successfully running. Which Docker Compose feature helps with this dependency management?
        Answer: depends_on

13. If the Docker Compose file (docker-compose.yml) is like a party invitation list, what would the services section be?
        Answer: Guest List

14. You want to share data between multiple running containers. What Docker feature will you use?
        Answer: Docker Volumes.

15. If Docker CLI commands are like the controls on a remote control, what would docker-compose up -d do?
        Answer: Power On

16. You need to add a host device (like a GPU) to your container. Which Docker Compose key value will you use?
        Answer: devices

17. If Docker containers are like individual apartments, what would docker-compose be?
        Answer: Property Manager

18. You want to ensure that your service only uses a specific amount of memory. Which Docker Compose key value will you use?
        Answer:deploy key with the resources and limits sub-keys in your Docker Compose file.
        deploy:
        resources:
        limits:
          memory: 512M

19. If Docker Compose networks are like different floors in a building, what would the networks key in the Docker Compose file be?
        Answer: Building Layout

